{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20320\viewh19680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Name the working title of the final project: Alcohol Consumption in Europe: Generational Comparison (or I\'92m a Millennial, am I an alcoholic?)\
II. list goals, hypothesis or questions: \
	A. Main Research Question: Is GenZ in Europe actually drinking less than previous generations? \
		i.  
\f1\b The Peer Comparison:
\f0\b0  How did the risk profile of a 20-year-old in 2010 (Millennial) compare to a 20-year-old in 2019 (Gen Z) in the same country?\
		ii.
\f1\b The Volume Question:
\f0\b0  Does a 20% drop in "Liters per Capita" translate to a 20% drop in "Abuse Disorders"? (Or is the relationship non-linear?)\
		iii.Why does the "Gen Z Pivot" look like a revolution in Germany but only a "slight adjustment" in Ireland?\
		iv. 
\f1\b The "Dry" Question:
\f0\b0  Is the rise in 
\f1\b Abstention
\f0\b0  among Gen Z the primary driver of lower national risk, or is it that the "drinkers" within Gen Z are drinking more moderately?\
		v. 
\f1\b The Gender Convergence:
\f0\b0  Is the "Sober" trend driven by men drinking less, while women\'92s rates remain stagnant or rise?\
III. Story\
	A. Introduction:\
		i. Different new articles about the sober generation. \
	B. Four Drinking Cultures in Europe\
		i. Clustering Analysis of prevalence of AUD in Europe\
			a. Elbow chart\
			b. Kmeans Cluster process\
			c. 3D Scatter Plot - selection of \'93analysis countries\'94 chart\
	C.Peer Comparison: Millennials vs. GenZ\
		i. Prevalence of AUD by generation (Gen X, Millennial, Gen Z Snapshot of 2019)\
			a. generational_comparison_snapshot_2019 chart\
		ii. Shift in prevalence generational time (Millennials as 20-year-olds in 2010 vs. Gen Z 20-year-olds in 2019)\
			a. peer_comparison_slope_chart chart\
			b. peer_comparison_ drop_relative_percentage chart\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	D. The demographic Shift: Who is leading this trend? \
		i. Chart: Gen_Z_gender_convergance:Male_vs_Female.png\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	E. Causes from Data that we have.\
		i. Is this shift created by alcohol prices? \
			a. Chart from Beer Price and AUD for Gen Z.\
		ii. Household alcohol expenditure?\
			a. Graph showing this.\
		iii. Cultural environment: Is Gen Z different from country culture?\
			a.  Chart National Consumption in Liters vs AUD prevalence. \
			b. Proof: Pearsons correlation 0.280 between AUD and national drinking culture chart\
		iv. Statistical Reality Check\
			a. Paired T-Test (p=0.1777) -not statistically relevant, but we don\'92t have enough data to see the relevance. \
			b. The trend seems to be localized , i.e. Germany, Czechia. \
IV. Conclusions\
	A. Veredict on the Hypothesis:\
		a. Is Gen Z drinking less? Yes, but inconsistently. (Refers to demographic shift ex. Italy, Master_economic_bubble_chart.png)\
		b. Resilience: The countries leading the trend aren't the ones with the highest taxes(policy) (Ireland), but the ones where the youth actively rejected the adult drinking culture (Czechia).\
	\
\
		}