{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11820\viewh8700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Assignment for Standup 3\
________________________\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
For our third Stand-Up on-site on 01.04. please prepare a 3+ Slides presentation about the Investigation of your Goals and/or the Hypotheses and/or the Questions.\
\
name the working title of the final project\
list goals, hypothesis or questions\
lay out the structure (table of contents) of how you are going to approach it:\
Besides presenting the context and the data set (EDA) in the Introduction what would be the concrete steps on the way to reach the goals or to test the hypothesis or to answer the questions? Basically we want to see a draft of the Main Body / Main Part of the project. \
\
ideally you have already first content/results you can attach to your structure: evidence, findings, results and of course visualizations\
What are your next steps?\
\
________________________\
\
Blueprint for the project.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 1. The Core Thesis Statements (We Pick One)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Depending on which data point you want to emphasize, here are three potential "North Stars" for your story:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The "Structural" Thesis:
\f0\b0  
\f2\i "The decline in Gen Z drinking isn't just a health choice; it's an economic and digital adaptation to a world where every drink is documented and every euro is precious."
\f0\i0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The "Intensity" Thesis:
\f0\b0  
\f2\i "While Gen Z drinks less frequently than Millennials, the risk of 'Alcohol Use Disorder' persists because the drinking they do engage in is becoming more concentrated and episodic (Binge Culture)."
\f0\i0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The "Gender Pivot" Thesis:
\f0\b0  
\f2\i "The traditional 'Alcohol Gender Gap' is collapsing; Gen Z women in countries like Italy and Ireland are adopting drinking patterns that now mirror their male peers, even as overall consumption falls."
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 2. The 5 Essential Options for Research Questions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 To prove your hypothesis, you need to answer these questions using the data we've gathered:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Volume Question:
\f0\b0  Does a 20% drop in "Liters per Capita" translate to a 20% drop in "Abuse Disorders"? (Or is the relationship non-linear?)\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The "Dry" Question:
\f0\b0  Is the rise in 
\f1\b Abstention
\f0\b0  among Gen Z the primary driver of lower national risk, or is it that the "drinkers" within Gen Z are drinking more moderately?\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Geography Question:
\f0\b0  Why does the "Gen Z Pivot" look like a revolution in Germany but only a "slight adjustment" in Ireland?\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Peer Comparison:
\f0\b0  How did the risk profile of a 20-year-old in 2010 (Millennial) compare to a 20-year-old in 2019 (Gen Z) in the same country?\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Gender Convergence:
\f0\b0  Is the "Sober" trend driven by men drinking less, while women\'92s rates remain stagnant or rise?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 3. The Story Structure: "The Alcohol Horizon"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Introduction: The Death of the Pub? (Side Information that we talked about)
\f0\b0 \
Hook the audience with the visual of closing pubs in the UK and Ireland vs. the rise of "Sober Bars" in Berlin. State the hypothesis: 
\f2\i Gen Z is fundamentally re-wiring the human relationship with alcohol.
\f0\i0 \

\f1\b Chapter 1: The Four Europes
\f0\b0 \
Use our 
\f1\b Clustering Analysis
\f0\b0  to show that Europe isn't one "Drinking Culture."\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Show the 
\f1\b Interactive 3D Map
\f0\b0 .\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Explain that you can't compare an Irish Gen Z to an Italian Gen Z\'97they are starting from different baselines.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Chapter 2: The Great Decoupling
\f0\b0 \
Use the 
\f1\b 2010 vs 2019 Comparison
\f0\b0  chart.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Point out 
\f1\b Germany
\f0\b0  as the "Success Story" (27% drop).\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Point out 
\f1\b Czechia
\f0\b0  as the "Anomaly" (Huge drop in youth risk despite being the world leader in liters).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Chapter 3: The "Sober Curious" vs. The "Binge Careful"
\f0\b0 \
Bring in the 
\f1\b External Data
\f0\b0  (WHO/IHME):\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 WHO Fact:
\f0\b0  Lifetime alcohol use among 15-16 year olds fell from 88% to 74% (1995\'962024).\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Twist:
\f0\b0  Mention the recent UCL study finding that for those who 
\f2\i do
\f0\i0  drink, binge drinking in the early 20s remains high.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Conclusion: The New Normal
\f0\b0 \
Summarize. Is it a "Sober Generation"? Yes, but only in volume. The 
\f2\i risk
\f0\i0  is shifting from daily social habits (the Millennial way) to intense, high-stakes events (the Gen Z way).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 4. Statistical Methods to Seal the Deal\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 To make this academically "Bulletproof," we should use:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Pearson Correlation Coefficient ($r$):
\f0\b0  To measure if the link between "Liters" and "Disorders" is getting weaker in the younger generation.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 T-Testing / ANOVA:
\f0\b0  To prove that the difference between the 2010 youth and 2019 youth is "Statistically Significant" and not just a random fluctuation.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Gender Gap Ratio:
\f0\b0  Calculate $(\\text\{Male Prevalence\} / \\text\{Female Prevalence\})$ for Gen Z vs. Millennials. If the number is closer to 1.0 in Gen Z, your "Gender Convergence" story is proven.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 5. Bonus Data Intel (From WHO/IHME GISAH) ** First data we have, second we can download**\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 To go deeper, we can look for these specific indicators:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 HED (Heavy Episodic Drinking):
\f0\b0  This is the WHO\'92s term for "Binge Drinking." If Liters are down but HED is up, you have a "Concentrated Risk" story.\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Youth Unemployment vs. Alcohol:
\f0\b0  (Cross-reference with World Bank data). There is a high correlation between economic precarity and Gen Z's "Sober" choices.\
}